...this...I'm going to show you how you can create the csharp.
Windows form application project to connect to
see panel my sql database now whenever
you bias some web hosting for...your website,
for example,
you...hosting from good that...skater or any other hosting website to
host your on a website then it comes with
...bengal and, for example, the sea panel will
look something like this I'm using the goal that the web hosting
but it can be any of the...hosting and the will all provide seep and,
in the last video I've shown you how you can create a
...sql database using this
...parallel okay so if you don't
know-how to created just see my last video arrivalgive the link in the description.